These are the most unbelievable Gothic
cathedrals in Europe. The last one
almost looks like a movie set. Notre
Dame, Paris.
A sculpted facade, rose windows,
gargoyles, this became the defining
image of a Gothic cathedral for
centuries.
Amiens Cathedral, France. The tallest
Gothic vault ever completed, over 42 m
high. Medieval architects pushed stone
construction to its absolute limit.
Siena Cathedral, Italy. Striped black
and white marble, a striking octagonal
dome, a facade that plays with light and
shadow.
Seville Cathedral, Spain. The largest
cathedral ever built. It was built over
the site of a former mosque, and you can
still see its traces in the orange
courtyard and in the old minaret turned
into a bell tower.
But then there's Burgos Cathedral.
Openwork spires, lantern towers, it
doesn't feel like a single building. It
feels like an entire Gothic city.
Follow for more incredible architecture.